Torch/TorchGeo Export & Packaging (#97)
stac-extensions/mlm: README_STAC_MODEL.md

MLModelProperties.model_validate(metadata["properties"])  
```

## Exporting and Packaging PyTorch Models, Transforms, and Model Metadata

> As of PyTorch 2.8, and stac_model 1.5.0, you can now export and package PyTorch models, transforms,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of PyTorch 2.8, and stac_model 0.4.0, you can now export and package PyTorch models, transforms,
```

the stac-model version is incremented differently than the mlm schema version.

https://pypi.org/project/stac-model/

and model metadata using functions in `stac_model.torch.export`. Below is an example of exporting a
U-Net model pretrained on the [Fields of The World (FTW) dataset](https://fieldsofthe.world/) for
field boundary segmentation in Sentinel-2 satellite imagery using the [TorchGeo](https://github.com/microsoft/torchgeo) library.

> 📝 **Note:** To customize the metadata for your model you can use this [example](./tests/torch/metadata.yaml) as a template.

```python
import torch
import torchvision.transforms.v2 as T
from torchgeo.models import Unet_Weights, unet
from stac_model.torch.export import save

weights = Unet_Weights.SENTINEL2_3CLASS_FTW
transforms = torch.nn.Sequential(
  T.Resize((256, 256)),
  T.Normalize(mean=[0.0], std=[3000.0])
)
model = unet(weights=weights)

save(
    output_file="ftw.pt2",
    model=model,  # Must be an nn.Module
    transforms=transforms,  # Must be an nn.Module

>     metadata_path="metadata.yaml",  # Can be a metadata yaml or MLModelProperties object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    metadata_path="metadata.yaml",  # Can be a metadata yaml or stac_model.schema.MLModelProperties object
```
might be helpful to make it explicit this is from stac_model
